Attractive Fern Tapir

High

# Deposit request when cancelled by vault admin should refund the funds collected.

### Summary

In the DepositVault.sol, when the `depositRequest(...)` is submitted, the vault collects the funds and also the fee from the caller. The vault admin has the ability to cancel the request while it is pending. If the vault admin cancels a pending deposit request, then the logic should refund the funds and also the fee collect from the caller at the time to request.

The current implementation simply marks the request status as cancelled, but does not return the funds back to the caller.

 

### Root Cause

At the time of deposit request, the logic is collecting the funds and the fee from the caller and transferring to the fee Receiver account. This funds and  fee collection makes sense as long as the request is honoured.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L187-L193

As `onlyVaultAdmin` with entitlement to cancel the request, when the request is cancelled, the funds along with the fee collected should be returned back to the caller. The current logic is marking the status of the request as `RequestStatus.Canceled`, but it is not reversing the funds flow to the caller.
 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L243-L255

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. User calls `DepositVault::depositRequest(...)` and deposits the tokens into the vault along with the fee applicable. The function returns request id as `1234`.
2. `onlyVaultAdmin` cancels the request id `1234`, in which case the deposited tokens and the fee collected should be returned back to the caller. 

### Impact

As of current state, the funds deposited by the caller will remain locked in the protocol if the vault admin cancels the request.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

On cancellation of the deposit request, the `DepositVault` should reverse the fund flow and return the deposited funds along with the fee collected back to the caller.

For this reason, it is best to track the fee collected in the request object itself. So that even when the configuration is changed, the accurate collected amount can be returned back to the caller.