Attractive Fern Tapir

High

# Redeem Request when cancelled by vault admin should return the funds back to the caller.

### Summary

In the RedemptionVault.sol, when the redeemRequest(...) is submitted, the vault collects the funds(mToken) and also the fee(mToken) from the caller. The vault admin has the ability to cancel the request while it is pending state. If the vault admin cancels a pending redeem request, then the logic should refund the funds(mToken) and also the fee collect(mTokens) from the caller at the time to request.

The current implementation simply marks the request status as cancelled, but does not return the funds back to the caller.

Instead, the funds are currently stuck in the contract when the vault admin cancels the request.

### Root Cause

At the time of redeem request, the logic is collecting the funds and the fee from the caller and transferring to the fee Receiver account. This funds and fee collection makes sense as long as the request is honoured.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVault.sol#L194-L204

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVault.sol#L194-L204

Note how, in the below code snippet, the funds(mToken) are moved from the caller account.

```solidity
      _tokenTransferFromUser(
            address(mToken),
            address(this),
            amountMTokenWithoutFee,
            18 // mToken always have 18 decimals
        );
        if (feeAmount > 0)
            _tokenTransferFromUser(address(mToken), feeReceiver, feeAmount, 18);
```

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1.User calls RedemptionVault::redeemRequest(...) and deposits the tokens into the vault along with the fee applicable. The function returns request id as 1234.
2.onlyVaultAdmin cancels the request id 1234, in which case the redeem tokens and the fee collected should be returned back to the caller.

### Impact

_No response_

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

On cancellation of the redeem request, the RedemptionVault should reverse the fund flow and return the funds along with the fee collected back to the caller.

For this reason, it is best to track the fee collected in the request object itself. So that even when the configuration is changed, the accurate collected amount can be returned back to the caller.