Cheerful Porcelain Eel

Medium

# Malicious user could prevent the admin from recovering BUIDL tokens from the contract due to incorrect logic in `withdrawToken`

## Summary

The current logic to withdraw tokens enables attackers to grief BUIDL withdrawals by directly donating tokens to the BUIDL vault, if some BUIDL configurations are enabled.

## Vulnerability Detail

Midas provided a list of requirements that must hold for the protocol. From the contest README: “*Please note that discrepancies between the spec and the code can be reported as issues*”. This focuses on the requirement that admins should be able to transfer any token in the smart contract, detailed at [this notion page](https://www.notion.so/Admin-can-transfer-any-token-that-is-in-the-smartcontract-dcb9e87d3de9456b8580a68b98ecbc5d?pvs=21).

### Introduction

The `BUIDL` smart contract ([proxy](https://etherscan.io/address/0x7712c34205737192402172409a8f7ccef8aa2aec), [implementation](https://etherscan.io/address/0x603bb6909be14f83282e03632280d91be7fb83b2#code)) contains a set of configurations that can be set by the token admin. One of this configurations forces a minimum amount of `BUIDL` tokens to be held by wallets (`minimumHoldingsPerInvestor`). On each transfer, if the amount transferred leaves the sender with a balance of `BUIDL` different from zero and smaller than `minimumHoldingsPerInvestor`, the transfer will revert:

```solidity
// ComplianceServiceRegulated.sol
// This logic is executed before each BUIDL token transfer

function completeTransferCheck(
        address[] memory _services,
        CompletePreTransferCheckArgs memory _args
    ) internal view returns (uint256 code, string memory reason) {
    
	    ...
				
				if (
				    !_args.isPlatformWalletTo &&
				toInvestorBalance + _args.value < IDSComplianceConfigurationService(_services[COMPLIANCE_CONFIGURATION_SERVICE]).getMinimumHoldingsPerInvestor()
				) {
				    return (51, AMOUNT_OF_TOKENS_UNDER_MIN);
				}
				
			...
}
```

### The vulnerability

Currently, the logic to allow Midas’ admin to withdraw any token from the smart contracts is implemented in the `withdrawToken` function from `ManageableVault` contract:

```solidity
// ManageableVault.sol
function withdrawToken(
        address token,
        uint256 amount,
        address withdrawTo
    ) external onlyVaultAdmin {
        IERC20(token).safeTransfer(withdrawTo, amount); 

        emit WithdrawToken(msg.sender, token, withdrawTo, amount);
   }
```

From the requirements list: “*The most common scenario would be that we want to get back stablecoins that we were making available as token_out tokens for instant redemptions*”. This means that admins should be able to redeem any desired amount of `BUIDL` tokens (among other tokens) from the `RedemptionVaultWIthBUIDL` and `MBasisRedemptionVaultWithBUIDL` contracts.

However, if the `minimumHoldingsPerInvestor` is configured in `BUIDL`, the logic to withdraw tokens can be griefed by a malicious user.

Let’s say that Midas’ admin wants to retrieve all the `BUIDL` tokens from the `RedemptionVaultWIthBUIDL` in order to migrate assets to a new vault. The current `minimumHoldingsPerInvestor` is configured to `50e6` `BUIDL`, and the vault currently holds `100e6` tokens.

In order to perform the withdrawal, the admin calls `withdrawToken`, specifying `100e6` (the total contract balance) as the amount to withdraw. However, a malicious user frontruns the call to `withdrawToken` and donates 1 wei of `BUIDL` to the `RedemptionVaultWIthBUIDL` contract. Because the attacker’s transaction gets executed first, the `BUIDL` balance from the vault prior to the execution of `withdrawToken` is `100e6` + 1. When triggering the `100e6` transfer, the balance gets reduced to 1 wei, which is an amount smaller than the one configured in the `minimumHoldingsPerInvestor`. Because of this, the whole `withdrawToken` transaction reverts, effectively preventing the admin from fully withdrawing their `BUIDL` tokens.

## Impact

By leveraging this attack, a malicious user can force admin’s `BUIDL` tokens to be effectively locked for more than a week in the contract. This is classified as Medium severity as per [Sherlock rules on DoS](https://docs.sherlock.xyz/audits/judging/judging#iii.-sherlocks-standards). Moreover, the requirements from the document shared by Midas are effectively broken, preventing the admin from effectively withdrawing the funds from the contract.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/abstract/ManageableVault.sol#L194

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add an option to directly withdraw the full balance in the `withdrawToken` function via `address(this)`'s balance. Withdrawing the full balance effectively prevents the attack, as the newly sent amount by the attacker will be accounted for when withdrawing. An example implementation:

```diff
// ManageableVault.sol

function withdrawToken(
        address token,
        uint256 amount,
        address withdrawTo
    ) external onlyVaultAdmin {    
+        if(amount == type(uint256).max)
+	         amount = IERC20(token).balanceOf(address(this));

         IERC20(token).safeTransfer(withdrawTo, amount);
         
        emit WithdrawToken(msg.sender, token, withdrawTo, amount);
    }
```