Fantastic Punch Scallop

High

# Wrong tokens decimals due to precision loss causing protocol to lose fees and users to lose tokens

## Summary
Users are required to pay a fees when depositing tokens into Midas. The calculation of fees is incorrect. For redeeming tokens, the calculation causes users to redeem lesser tokens.
## Vulnerability Detail
In `DepositVault.sol`, the deposits functions calls `_calcAndValidateDeposit` which is used to calculate the tokens to be minted back to user.
Within that function it calls `_truncate` as feeTokenAmount:
```solidity
    function _calcAndValidateDeposit(
        address user,
        address tokenIn,
        uint256 amountToken,
        bool isInstant
    )
        internal
        returns (
            uint256 tokenAmountInUsd,
            uint256 feeTokenAmount, //@audit amount returned is 18 decimals
            uint256 amountTokenWithoutFee,
            uint256 mintAmount,
            uint256 tokenInRate,
            uint256 tokenOutRate,
            uint256 tokenDecimals
        )
    -- SNIP --
        feeTokenAmount = _truncate(
            _getFeeAmount(userCopy, tokenIn, amountToken, isInstant, 0),
            tokenDecimals
        );
    -- SNIP --
```

In both `DepositVault.sol::depositInstant` and `DepositVault.sol::depositRequest`, the checks for token amounts will cause a revert if the user only approves the required amount of tokens. Thus, users depositing tokens with fewer than 18 decimals will always face a revert issue, because `feeTokenAmount` from the code snippet above returns 1e18 decimals. 

```solidity
    function _truncate(uint256 value, uint256 decimals)
        internal
        pure
        returns (uint256)
    {
        return value.convertFromBase18(decimals).convertToBase18(decimals);
    }
```

The problem with `_truncate` is it converts the arguments to 18 decimals. This causes the protocol to earn lesser fees.

Example Scenario:
Within _getFeeAmount it returns the following `(amount * feePercent) / ONE_HUNDRED_PERCENT;`, assuming the feePercent is 100%, this means the fee to be paid is 100e18. Now due to `_truncate` the fee is converted to 1e18. This causes the protocol to not earn 100% of the deposit fee but 1% instead because of precision loss.

## Impact
The protocol earns lesser revenue for fees..
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L379

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Remove the truncate for fees to ensure fees earned is accurate.