Funny Hazel Moose

High

# Stablecoin Depeg Not Accounted For

## Summary
In the event of a stablecoin falling below its peg, excessive minting of mTokens can occur. An attacker can easily monitor these conditions and extract significant value from the protocol.

## Vulnerability Detail
A hardcoded rate of 1e18 is used in [`getTokenRate`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/abstract/ManageableVault.sol#L603-L615) for conversions between usd and stablecoin quantity. 

```solidity
    function _getTokenRate(address dataFeed, bool stable)
        internal
        view
        returns (uint256)
    {
        // @dev if dataFeed returns rate, all peg checks passed
        uint256 rate = IDataFeed(dataFeed).getDataInBase18();

        if (stable) return STABLECOIN_RATE;

        return rate;
    }
```

`uint256 public constant STABLECOIN_RATE = 10**18;`

There are no further checks throughout the codebase that the true stablecoin price falls within some price interval. A hardcoded value of 1e18 will always be returned, a critical assumption which is not guaranteed.

## Impact
If the true stablecoin price deviates several percentage points below $1 (in March 2023, USDC hit $0.87), the `depositInstant` function can be called to permissionlessly mint a more valuable amount of mTokens.

For example: USDC = $0.90 and a user deposits 100,000 USDC to receive $100,000 worth of mTBill (less fees). But the value of the USDC he deposited was only $90,000. 

This also applies to redeeming when stablecoin prices are above peg, albeit this is more rare.

As a result of both attack vectors, every single vault in the system can be drained of a material amount of value that is not returned even in the event that the peg is later reclaimed. 

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider incorporating the price check [mentioned in the protocol specifications](https://ludicrous-rate-748.notion.site/Users-can-instantly-mint-4ee1189194434b2daa7466ae666035d0). This can be done by first checking a chainlink price feed to see if price is within the bounds (0.997, 1.003), and if so the hardcoded value is returned.

Alternatively, consider eliminating the special treatment of stablecoins, and rather than a hardcoded value use the price feed information as with any other asset in the system.