Dizzy Coffee Yak

High

# Using RedemptionVaultWIthBUIDL for mTBILL with  MBasisRedemptionVaultWithSwapper will cause a complete loss of redeemed tokens for users

### Summary

The override of tokenOut in RedemptionVaultWIthBUIDL will cause a complete loss of redeemed tokens for users as MBasisRedemptionVaultWithSwapper will receive but fail to forward the actual redeemed tokens (USDC)


### Root Cause

In RedemptionVaultWIthBUIDL's redeemInstant function, the tokenOut override (tokenOut = buidlLiquiditySource.token();) causes a mismatch with the token expected by MBasisRedemptionVaultWithSwapper, leading to tokens being trapped.


### Internal pre-conditions

1.RedemptionVaultWIthBUIDL needs to be set as the mTbillRedemptionVault in MBasisRedemptionVaultWithSwapper. Note: this is possible as per doc https://docs.google.com/document/d/1z3H3cAS1qBAAHqMAyD2YGmSyGzcle9-awrPT9W2NRzY/edit 

> Also, BUIDL variant of the redemption vault can be used as an mTBILL redemption vault


2. MBasisRedemptionVaultWithSwapper needs to have insufficient balance of the requested tokenOut to trigger the mTbillRedemptionVault.redeemInstant call.
3. buidlLiquiditySource.token() in RedemptionVaultWIthBUIDL needs to return a different token (which is USDC) than the one requested in MBasisRedemptionVaultWithSwapper.
4. The difference between the original tokenOut and USDC will cause no transfer to the end user.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. User calls redeemInstant on MBasisRedemptionVaultWithSwapper, specifying a desired tokenOut
2. MBasisRedemptionVaultWithSwapper calls redeemInstant on RedemptionVaultWIthBUIDL due to insufficient amount of tokenOut https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/mBasis/MBasisRedemptionVaultWithSwapper.sol#L138-L158
3. RedemptionVaultWIthBUIDL overrides tokenOut with buidlLiquiditySource.token() https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVaultWithBUIDL.sol#L100
4. RedemptionVaultWIthBUIDL sends the overridden token (USDC) to MBasisRedemptionVaultWithSwapper
5. MBasisRedemptionVaultWithSwapper attempts to send the originally requested tokenOut to the user, which it doesn't have
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/mBasis/MBasisRedemptionVaultWithSwapper.sol#L166-L170
6. Users redeem request succeeds but receives nothing.

### Impact

The users suffer a complete loss of their redeemed tokens. The entire amount of redeemed tokens (USDC) becomes permanently trapped in the MBasisRedemptionVaultWithSwapper contract. This represents a 100% loss for the user on each affected redemption transaction. The severity is critical as it results in irreversible loss of user funds.


### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

_No response_