Attractive Fern Tapir

Medium

# mTBILL contract is not pausable as the storage for PausableUpgradeable was not initialized

### Summary

`mTBILL` contract's pausable feature will not enabled as the initialise function did not follow through the init call chain to initialize the storage of `PausableUpgradeable` contract. As such, the feature of pausing and unpausing will not work as expected.

 

### Root Cause

In the case of upgradable contract, the storage initialisation is done via init() functions. The init functions are called via proxy contracts and the storage initialized and used for the protocol is in the proxy contract. Unlike constructor that follows the chain of inheritance to initialize all the base contract, the initialisation chain is the responsibility of the developer.

 With reference to `mTBILL` contract', it derives from `ERC20PausableUpgradeable` and  `Blacklistable `contracts.

```solidity
  contract mTBILL is ERC20PausableUpgradeable, Blacklistable, IMTbill {
```

But in the `initialize()` function, the below chain of init functions are called.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/mTBILL/mTBILL.sol#L29-L32

The above init calls does not ensure that the storage for `ERC20PausableUpgradeable` contract is initialized.
In order to initialize the storage for `PausableUpgradeable` contract, `__Pausable_init_unchained()` should be called.

```solidity
  abstract contract ERC20PausableUpgradeable is Initializable, ERC20Upgradeable, PausableUpgradeable {
    function __ERC20Pausable_init() internal onlyInitializing {
        __Pausable_init_unchained();
    }
```
`__Pausable_init_unchained()` will ensue that the `PausableStorage` is initialized and ready for use.

```solidity
   function __Pausable_init_unchained() internal onlyInitializing {
        PausableStorage storage $ = _getPausableStorage();
        $._paused = false;
    }
```


### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. The pause and unpause feature for `mTBILL` contract' will not work as expected.

### Impact

_No response_

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

revise the `initialize` function to make call to `__Pausable_init_unchained()` function. This will ensure the storage for the  `PausableUpgradeable` is initialised and ready to be used.

```solidity
    function initialize(address _accessControl) external virtual initializer {
        __Blacklistable_init(_accessControl);
  +      __Pausable_init_unchained();
        __ERC20_init("mTBILL", "mTBILL");
    }

```