Acidic Sapphire Hedgehog

Medium

# Discrepancy in `validateMinAmount` might lead to Rejections when depositing into Vault for instant transaction

## Summary
The `_validateMinAmount` function exhibits a significant discrepancy between its operational logic and the descriptions provided in the inline comments. This inconsistency has critical ramifications for the _calcAndValidateDeposit function, potentially leading to erroneous validation of deposits. The issue undermines the accuracy of deposit processing and could lead to substantial financial and operational issues.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts%2Fcontracts%2FDepositVault.sol#L282

## Vulnerability Detail
The `_validateMinAmount ` function is intended to enforce minimum deposit requirements by validating both token amounts and their corresponding USD values. According to the inline comments, the function should ensure that the deposit amount in USD is greater than or equal to `minAmountToDepositInUsd()`, and that the token amount is at least `minAmount().` Furthermore, for first-time depositors, the function should validate against `minMTokenAmountForFirstDeposit.`
```solidity
/**
 * @dev Validates that inputted USD amount >= minAmountToDepositInUsd()
 * and amount >= minAmount()
 * @param user user address
 * @param amountMTokenWithoutFee amount of mToken without fee (decimals 18)
 */
```
The `_validateMinAmoun`t function fails to incorporate USD-based validation, focusing solely on the token amount (amountMTokenWithoutFee). The function does not convert the token amount to its USD equivalent or check it against `minAmountToDepositInUsd().`

> Consider a situation where a newly onboarded user is attempting their first deposit into a smart contract. The contract stipulates a minimum token quantity requirement for first-time deposits, set at 150,000 XYZ tokens, as defined by the parameter `minMTokenAmountForFirstDeposit.` This parameter dictates that to successfully process their inaugural deposit, a user must deposit at least 150,000 XYZ tokens, regardless of the token’s USD value. In this scenario, the user deposits 200,000 XYZ tokens, easily surpassing the minimum token threshold. However, if the contract lacks additional validation to check the USD value of the deposit, a critical issue arises: the USD value of 200,000 XYZ tokens, at a price of $0.0001 per token, equates to only $20. This amount is substantially below the required USD minimum of $50, which should ideally be enforced to ensure the deposit meets the financial standards set by the contract. 

The absence of this USD validation means that while the deposit exceeds the token quantity requirement, it fails to satisfy the necessary USD value, potentially allowing the user to exploit the system by depositing a large volume of low-value tokens. 

This oversight can lead to erroneous deposit approvals or rejections. For example, a deposit of tokens that meets the token minimum but falls short in USD value could be improperly accepted,. 

The discrepancy between the `_validateMinAmount` function’s implementation and its documented intent has significant implications for the `_calcAndValidateDeposit` function. 

## Impact
Incorrect Deposit Approval or Rejection

## Code Snippet
```solidity
    function _validateMinAmount(address user, uint256 amountMTokenWithoutFee)
        internal
        view
    {
        require(amountMTokenWithoutFee >= minAmount, "DV: mToken amount < min");

        if (totalMinted[user] != 0) return;

        require(
            amountMTokenWithoutFee >= minMTokenAmountForFirstDeposit,
            "DV: mint amount < min"
        );
    }
```
## Tool used
GitHub

## Recommendation
Modify _validateMinAmount to include a check against minAmountToDepositInUsd(). Implement a mechanism to convert the token amount to its USD equivalent and ensure it meets the required USD threshold.