Round Glass Tardigrade

Medium

# Fee Modification Impacts Deposit and Redeem Requests

### Summary

User can pay unexpected fees during [depositRequest](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L148) (`DepositVault`) and [redeemRequest](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVault.sol#L194) (`RedemptionVault`).

It should be noted that the Midas team consider following issue as invalid:

_Fees and exchange rates: the fees/exchange rates that are evolving between the standard request, and the processing are not a bug._


This bug is different than this exclusion. Described fee calculation happens before the `request` is created, not between request and approval.

### Root Cause

As [depositRequest](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L148) (`DepositVault`) and [redeemRequest](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVault.sol#L194) (`RedemptionVault`) are missing control over expected amount of tokens received back, it is possible that platform increase fee after user made a request, and fee modification will be included before user request. Currently, aforementioned functions have protection only for exchange ratio. 

### Internal pre-conditions

1. Admin needs to increase fees. This can be typical operational behaviour, **not malicious admin**.

### External pre-conditions

none

### Attack Path

1. User tries to deposit tokens using  [depositRequest](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L148). User is expecting 5% fee for deposit.
2. In the meantime, protocol decides to update the fee amount to 10%.
3. User has bad luck and his transaction lands after protocol fee increase.
4. As a result user is charged 10% fee, not expected 5%. 
5. User pays unexpected cost. Current protection (`variationTolerance`) do not include fees. 

### Impact

Users pay unexpected cost for deposit and redeem.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

As fee payment happens before request creation, user should provide argument with expected tokens to swap (amount without the fees). 