Acidic Sapphire Hedgehog

Medium

# Misapplication of mintAmount Instead of amountMTokenWithoutFee in ::_validateMinAmount Function

## Summary
The `_validateMinAmount`  function within the smart contract is designed to ensure that users deposit a sufficient amount of tokens by comparing the post-fee mint amount against a minimum threshold. However, a critical flaw exists in how this function is invoked from the `_calcAndValidateDeposit` function. Instead of passing the amountMTokenWithoutFee—which accurately reflects the amount of mTokens post-fee deduction—the function incorrectly uses `mintAmount`, which does not necessarily account for the fee structure. This misapplication can lead to inaccurate validation, enabling users to bypass minimum deposit requirements and potentially manipulate token minting.

## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
uint256 feeTokenAmount = _truncate(
    _getFeeAmount(user, tokenIn, amountToken, isInstant, 0),
    tokenDecimals
);
amountTokenWithoutFee = amountToken - feeTokenAmount;

uint256 feeInUsd = (feeTokenAmount * tokenInRate) / 10**18;
(uint256 mTokenAmount, uint256 mTokenRate) = _convertUsdToMToken(
    tokenAmountInUsd - feeInUsd
);
mintAmount = mTokenAmount;
```
Here, `mintAmount` is calculated based on the USD equivalent of `amountTokenWithoutFe`e, yet it fails to distinctly represent the fee-adjusted mToken amount, which should be isolated as a`mountMTokenWithoutFee.`

This function is meant to validate that the user's deposit meets a minimum threshold. The issue arises when _calcAndValidateDeposit passes the mintAmount instead of the correctly fee-adjusted `amountMTokenWithoutFee.`

This invocation incorrectly uses `mintAmount,` which includes potential variances not directly related to the fee-adjusted amount, rather than using a properly computed `amountMTokenWithoutFee.`

```solidity
_validateMinAmount(user, mintAmount);
```
> From the comments:

    /**
     * @dev validates that inputted USD amount >= minAmountToDepositInUsd()
     * and amount >= minAmount()
     * @param user user address
     * @param amountMTokenWithoutFee amount of mToken without fee (decimals 18)   <--------------------
     */

*Expected Behavior:* The function should validate the deposit by checking that the post-fee mToken amount (i.e., amountMTokenWithoutFee) meets or exceeds the required minimum deposit amount. This ensures that users are not bypassing minimum deposit thresholds through fee manipulation or other means.


## Impact

## Code Snippet
- [_calcAndValidateDeposit (Internal Function)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L346) 
- [_validateMinAmount (Internal Function)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L394) 
 ```solidity
uint256 feeTokenAmount = _truncate(
    _getFeeAmount(user, tokenIn, amountToken, isInstant, 0),
    tokenDecimals
);
amountTokenWithoutFee = amountToken - feeTokenAmount;

uint256 feeInUsd = (feeTokenAmount * tokenInRate) / 10**18;
(uint256 mTokenAmount, uint256 mTokenRate) = _convertUsdToMToken(
    tokenAmountInUsd - feeInUsd
);
mintAmount = mTokenAmount;
``` 

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
`amountMTokenWithoutFee:` In the `_calcAndValidateDeposit` function, explicitly calculate `amountMTokenWithoutFee` by deducting the fee from the mToken amount. 