Breezy Sandstone Goose

High

# Incorrect USD Conversion for Tokens with Non-18 Decimals

### Summary

The _convertTokenToUsd function inaccurately converts token amounts to USD by assuming that all tokens have 18 decimals. For tokens with different decimal places (e.g., USDT with 6 decimals), this results in incorrect USD values.

### Root Cause

The function multiplies the token amount by the rate and then divides by 10**18, assuming that the token has 18 decimals. This calculation fails for tokens with different decimal precision, leading to incorrect USD conversion.

### Internal pre-conditions

1, The function _convertTokenToUsd is called with a token amount.
2, The token passed has a decimal precision other than 18 (e.g., 6 decimals for USDT).

### External pre-conditions

1, A user or contract interacts with _convertTokenToUsd using a token like USDT.
2, The token's data feed is properly set up, and the conversion rate is non-zero.

### Attack Path

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L419

### Impact

 If the _convertTokenToUsd function inaccurately converts token amounts due to incorrect decimal assumptions, it could lead to severe financial miscalculations. For example, if a user deposits or trades USDT, the system might incorrectly calculate its USD value, potentially underestimating or overestimating the amount by a factor of 1,000,000. This could result in significant financial losses, incorrect balances, erroneous reporting, and potential exploitation by malicious actors, destabilizing the platform's financial operations and undermining user trust.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

function _convertTokenToUsd(address tokenIn, uint256 amount)
    internal
    view
    returns (uint256 amountInUsd, uint256 rate)
{
    require(amount > 0, "DV: amount zero");

    TokenConfig storage tokenConfig = tokensConfig[tokenIn];

    rate = _getTokenRate(tokenConfig.dataFeed, tokenConfig.stable);
    require(rate > 0, "DV: rate zero");

    uint8 decimals = IERC20(tokenIn).decimals();
    amountInUsd = (amount * rate) / (10**decimals);
}