Brave Smoke Mustang

Medium

# Missing of the validation for token allowance in the `RedemptionVault.sol#_approveRequest()` function

### Summary

Excess tokens may be spent from the contract due to the lack of validation for token allowance in the `RedemptionVault.sol#_approveRequest()` function.


### Root Cause

The token allowance is not validated in the `RedemptionVault.sol#_approveRequest()` function.


### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

The [`RedemptionVault.sol#redeemInstant()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVault.sol#L169) function performs validation for token allowance, but the `RedemptionVault.sol#_approveRequest()` function does not.


### Impact

Excess tokens may be spent from the contract than expected.


### PoC

`tokensConfig[].allowance` is a token allowance that prevents more than expected from being spent or contributed to the contract.
```solidity
    function changeTokenAllowance(address token, uint256 allowance)
        external
        onlyVaultAdmin
    {
        _requireTokenExists(token);
        require(allowance > 0, "MV: zero allowance");
        tokensConfig[token].allowance = allowance;
        emit ChangeTokenAllowance(token, msg.sender, allowance);
    }
```
The `RedemptionVault.sol#redeemInstant()` function checks if operation exceed token allowance and updates allowance by using `_requireAndUpdateAllowance()` function in [#L169](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVault.sol#L169).

```solidity
    function _requireAndUpdateAllowance(address token, uint256 amount)
        internal
    {
        uint256 prevAllowance = tokensConfig[token].allowance;
        if (prevAllowance == MAX_UINT) return;

        require(prevAllowance >= amount, "MV: exceed allowance");

        tokensConfig[token].allowance -= amount;
    }
```

However, there is no part in the [`RedemptionVault.sol#_approveRequest()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVault.sol#L313-L343) function that checks and updates token allowance.

The `RedemptionVault.sol#_approveRequest()` function approves the user's request and sends the corresponding token to the user.

As a result, Excess tokens may be spent from the contract.


### Mitigation

It is recommended to add the _requireAndUpdateAllowance() to the `RedemptionVault.sol#_approveRequest()` function.