Brave Smoke Mustang

Medium

# Usage of stale data in `DepositVault.sol#depositRequest()` function

### Summary

When validating the USD amount entered in the `DepositVault.sol#depositRequest()` function, the MToken amount calculated based on the current MToken mint rate is used instead of the [`newOutRate`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L303) entered in the `approveRequest()` function, so validation can be bypassed when executing the `approveRequest()` function and minting the MToken.

Therefore, an amount smaller than `minAmount` may be minted, which may cause negative mintes when redeeming.

### Root Cause

In the `DepositVault.sol#_validateMinAmount()` function, it validates that inputted USD amount using `amountMTokenWithoutFee`, which is calculated based on the current mint rate.


### Internal pre-conditions

- `newOutRate` must be greater than `request.tokenOutRate` in the `_approveRequest()` function.


### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. When the user calls the [`DepositVault.sol#depositRequest()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L170-L178) function, the `_calcAndValidateDeposit()` function uses the `_convertUsdToMToken()` function to compute the `mTokenAmount` and `mTokenRate` based on the USD amount in [#L387~#L391](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L387-L391).
2. The [`_convertUsdToMToken()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L429-L440) function calculates the `mTokenAmount` based on the current MToken mint rate.
3. And then, Validate the entered USD amount based on the [`mTokenAmount`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L393-L395) in the [`_validateMinAmount()`](_validateMinAmount) function.
4. After that, the administrator processes the request using [`approveRequest()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L231).
5. In the `_approveRequest()` function, the amount of MToken is recalculated based on `newOutRate` in [#L319~#L322](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L319-L322) and minted to the user.

    As you can see, since validation is not performed on the amount of MTokens minted to actual users, MTokens that do not satisfy the core constraints of the protocol may be minted to users.
6. When a user tries to redeem an minted MToken, the transaction may be reverted and the redemption may become impossible because it may be smaller than `minAmount` in [`RedemptionVault.sol#L496~L499`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVault.sol#L496-L499).


### Impact

The minAmount restriction is bypassed, resulting in a smaller amount being minted, which may lead to negative mintes when redeeming.


### PoC

- Let's assume that the current mTokenRate = 1 MToken/USD, minAmount = 100e18.
- When Alice calls `depositRequest` with 100USDC, `mTokenAmount` = (amountUsd * (10**18)) / mTokenRate = 100e18, so it passes the `_validateMinAmount()` function.
- And `request.usdAmountWithoutFees` = 100e18.
- When the administrator calls the `approveRequest()` function with `newOutRate` = 1.2 MToken/USD, `amountMToken` is calculated as follows:
    
     amountMToken = (request.usdAmountWithoutFees * (10**18)) / newOutRate = 

     = 100e18 * 10**18 / 1.2e18 = 83.3e18

    This means that 83.3 MTokens will be minted to users.
- After that, When Alice calls `redeemInstant/redeemRequest` to redeem the full amount of MToken, the transaction fails because `minRedeemAmount > amountMTokenIn` in the `_calcAndValidateRedeem` function.


### Mitigation

- It is recommended to perform validation on `minAmount` in the `DepositVault.sol#_approveRequest()` function.
    ```solidity
        function _approveRequest(
        uint256 requestId,
        uint256 newOutRate,
        bool isSafe
    ) private {
        Request memory request = mintRequests[requestId];

        require(request.sender != address(0), "DV: request not exist");
        require(
            request.status == RequestStatus.Pending,
            "DV: request not pending"
        );

        if (isSafe)
            _requireVariationTolerance(request.tokenOutRate, newOutRate);

        uint256 amountMToken = (request.usdAmountWithoutFees * (10**18)) /
            newOutRate;

    +++ require(amountMToken >= minAmount, "DV: mToken amount < min");

        mToken.mint(request.sender, amountMToken);

        totalMinted[request.sender] += amountMToken;

        request.status = RequestStatus.Processed;
        request.tokenOutRate = newOutRate;
        mintRequests[requestId] = request;
    }
    ```

- Also, I think this problem can be alleviated by performing validation based on the amount calculated in USD rather than the amount of MToken as described in the comment in the `_validateMinAmount()` function.