Decent Yellow Butterfly

Medium

# Lack of Slippage Protection in `_approveRequest()` functions of the `DepositVault` and the `RedemptionVault` contract.

### Summary

The lack of slippage protection in the `_approveRequest()` function of the [`DepositVault`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L303-L329) and [`RedemptionVault`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVault.sol#L313-L348) contracts could result in potential loss of funds for users.

### Root Cause

The `_approveRequest()` function of the `DepositVault` and `RedemptionVault` contracts does not have slippage protection.

### Internal pre-conditions

- In `DepositVault.sol#_approveRequest`, `newOutRate` must be greater than `request.tokenOutRate`.
- In `RedemptionVault.sol#_approveRequest`, `newOutRate` must be less than `request.tokenOutRate`.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

The `_approveRequest()` function of the `DepositVault` and `RedemptionVault` contracts does not have slippage protection, which can cause users to potentially lose funds if an unacceptable slippage occurs.

### Impact

Loss of assets for the affected users.

### PoC

When a user calls the `depositRequest/redeemRequest` function, a request is created based on the current MToken oracle price.

Additionally, the administrator calls the `approveRequest` function with the current MToken price.

Here, `newOutRate` and `request.tokenOutRate` can increase or decrease at any time depending on the current on-chain conditions when a transaction occurs.

As a result, unexpected slippage may occur, which may result in unacceptable loss of funds for the user.

### Mitigation

Implement a slippage control that allows the users to revert if the amount of the `tokenOut` they receives is smaller than the amount they expected.