Wonderful Gunmetal Anteater

Medium

# Lack of Slippage Protection in `depositRequest` Leads to Unintended User Outcomes

### Summary

The `depositRequest` function lacks adequate slippage protection, potentially leading to unexpected outcomes for users, such as receiving fewer tokens than anticipated.

### Root Cause


* The `depositRequest` function relies solely on `_requireVariationTolerance` instead of using `minReceiveAmount` to protect users from slippage.

* `_requireVariationTolerance` compares the rate at the time of the request (`request.tokenOutRate`) with the updated rate when the approve transaction is executed.

* However, during the time a request transaction is in the mempool, rates can change, which `depositInstant` mitigates by using `minReceiveAmount` but `depositRequest` doesn't.


### Internal pre-conditions

1. One or more parameters used to calculate `mintAmount` change while the transaction is in the mempool.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path


1. Alice submits a [`depositRequest`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L148) when the `mToken` price is `X` and `fees` are `Y`.

2. While the transaction is in the mempool, the price of `mToken` increases to `X + dX`.

3. Similarly, the fees increase to `Y + dY`.

4. When Alice's transaction is executed, she is forced to pay higher fees.

5. Upon `VaultAdmin` approval, her `mToken` amount is calculated based on parameters that changed after she submitted the transaction, leading to a lower-than-expected token minting.

This scenario shows the need to protect users from unexpected slippage.


### Impact

Users may receive fewer `mTokens` than expected.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Use `minReceiveAmount` in `depositRequest` function as well to protect users from unexpected outcomes.