Dancing Marmalade Chicken

Medium

# Missing slippage on requestsDeposit and requestRedemption

### Summary

Missing slippage on `depositRequest()` will lead to depositing/redeeming users receiving un expected amount of funds when a request is approved.

### Root Cause

Deposit and redeem requests does not have any slippage control. The request can be approved at any token price with `approveReqeuest()` or at a pre-defined variance with `safeApproveRequest()`. User can not specify any such parameter, see [L194](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/52b77ba39be51f18a5b0736dfbe7f2acbbeba6e3/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVault.sol#L194) and [L148](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/52b77ba39be51f18a5b0736dfbe7f2acbbeba6e3/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L148-L151)

Users are never able to set a `minAmount` when requesting redeeming/withdrawal and can therefore always at risk of receiving less than expected. Both due to price change but also due to price difference between oracle reported price and the actual price. Oracles are often allowed to differ 0.5%-2% from the actual price.

### Internal pre-conditions

It is never possible to set slippage when requesting

### External pre-conditions

Oracle price change or oracle that is not perfectly following the market rate.

### Attack Path

A numbered list of steps, talking through the attack path:

1. User request redemption of `mToken` at t=1, with market value of 100 USD per token
2. At t=2 `approveRequest()` is called, oracle currently reports 98 USD per token. With the actual market value being 99.5. 
3. User is forced to accepted these terms, both the valuation change and due to oracle not reflecting true value. 

We also should keep in mind that the admin can `aproveRequest()` which will bypass the variation check, with this the price can differ significantly from what it was when the request was made

### Impact

User's receive less tokens than expected. The most likely consequence is that users stop using the request feature because they can not specify the slippage.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Add slippage parameter and refund users if not enough is received.