Tricky Rose Hedgehog

Medium

# [Medium] When approving a Deposit/Redemption request the tokenInRate/tokenOutRate rates are not checked again or updated

## Summary

The chainlink oracle rates are not checked against or updated when approving a request and there will be time passing between making the request and an admin approving it, in which prices can fluctuate and the requested price can become stale, especially if the token to be deposited/redeemed is WBTC or other non-stable token, which can create a big impact on the output amount. 

## Vulnerability Detail

When depositing or redeeming, by specification, the stablecoin has to be within [0.997, 1.003] range and if it's a volatile asset like WBTC, the tokenIn/tokenOut rate is calculated from a chainlink oracle.
When doing an instant deposit/redeem, this happens in the same moment as the request is fulfilled and the requested tokens are minted or redeemed.

Contrary to this, when making a deposit request, the `tokenInRate` rate and respectively `tokenOutRate` rate when making a redemption request are stored in the storage structures for deposit/redeem requests(`mintRequests` and `redeemRequests`). Later on, when an admin decides to accept such request, there is an ability to provide the new mToken rate but the saved tokenIn/tokenOut rates are taken from when the request is made. According to the specification 

> - minting can only happen if the token_in is within its peg [0.997, 1.003] according to the chainlink oracle, and we apply 1 stablecoin = 1 USD for the exchange rate. We need to anticipate that we may have to ingest other price feeds on other EVM chains.
> - When the token_in is not a stablecoin, there is no peg-check, and we use a token_in oracle for the exchange rate.

This should also apply when approving the request

## Impact

There will be time passing between making the request and an admin approving it, in which prices can fluctuate and the requested price can become stale, especially if the token to be deposited/redeemed is WBTC or other non-stable token, which can create a big impact on the output amount or the request will not be approved due to stale prices which can lead to a DDOS for users requesting a deposit/redeem.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L319
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L200

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVault.sol#L332

RedemptionVault.sol #L331-L334

```solidity
    uint256 amountTokenOutWithoutFee = _truncate(
        (request.amountMToken * newMTokenRate) / request.tokenOutRate,
        tokenDecimals
    );
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVault.sol#L394C1-L397C10

```solidity
	if (!isFiat) {
        TokenConfig storage config = tokensConfig[tokenOutCopy];
        tokenOutRate = _getTokenRate(config.dataFeed, config.stable);
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVault.sol#L415C9-L422C12

```solidity
	redeemRequests[requestId] = Request({
	    sender: user,
	    tokenOut: tokenOutCopy,
	    status: RequestStatus.Pending,
	    amountMToken: amountMTokenWithoutFee,
	    mTokenRate: mTokenRate,
	    tokenOutRate: tokenOutRate
	});
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Check against and update current prices when accepting a deposit/redeem request.