Refined Syrup Snail

Medium

# Incorrect pointer set in the ```initialize()``` function leads to broken functionality of RedemptionVaultWithBUIDL.sol

## Summary
```buidlLiquiditySource``` is set to USDC address instead of ```liquiditySource``` address during initialization and it leads to broken contract functionality.
## Vulnerability Detail
The protocol uses 3rd party contracts to redeem BUIDL tokens for USDC in case that there is not enough USDC in the RedemptionVault contract for instant redemption. 
Those contracts are deployed at the following addresses:

Redemption.sol/IRedemtion.sol - https://etherscan.io/address/0x31d3f59ad4aac0eee2247c65ebe8bf6e9e470a53#code
Settlement.sol/ISetllement.sol - https://etherscan.io/address/0x57dd4e92712b0fbc8d3f3e3645eebcf2600acef0#code 
LiquiditySource.sol/ILiquiditySource.sol - https://etherscan.io/address/0x9ba14Ce55d7a508A9bB7D50224f0EB91745744b7#code

The ```initialize``` function of RedemptionVaultWithBUIDL.sol has the following pointer for the ```buidlLiquiditySource``` variable, which is the output of the ```liquidity()``` function of Redemption.sol.
```        buidlLiquiditySource = ILiquiditySource(buidlRedemption.liquidity());```

If you call ```liquidity()``` from the deployed code of Redemption.sol in the above link you get the address of USDC. However, we are expecting it to be LiquiditySource.sol. The natspec of the function ```liquidity``` in IRedemtion.sol has the following description:   
    
     * @notice The liquidity token that the asset is being redeemed for.
     * @return The address of the liquidity token.
     
Therefore, ```liquidity()``` was meant to return the address of the liquidity token which is USDC, not LiquiditySource.sol/ILiquiditySource.sol.

This gets problematic in the ```redeemInstant``` function of RedemptionVaultWithBUIDL.sol where ``` tokenOut``` is assigned the output of  ```buidlLiquiditySource.token()```. Deployed code of LiquiditySource.sol has the function ```token()``` which returns the address of USDC. Meanwhile USDC contract does not have that function. Since the current code assigns USDC as LiquiditySource.sol/ILiquiditySource.sol, it will lead to runtime error because there is no ```token()``` function in the USDC contract.
     

## Impact

Contract unfunctional due to runtime error.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVaultWithBUIDL.sol#L46-L74

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-midas-minter-redeemer/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVaultWithBUIDL.sol#L99-L101
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The contract Settlement.sol has the getter for LiquiditySource.sol, use that instead of Redemption.sol.

```buidlLiquiditySource = ILiquiditySource(buidlSettlement.liquiditySource());```